Support pre-created floating IPs with Terraform in Openstack (#19)
elastisys/kubespray: contrib/terraform/openstack/README.md

|`force_null_port_security` | Set `null` instead of `true` or `false` for `port_security`. `false` by default |
|`k8s_nodes` | Map containing worker node definition, see explanation below |
|`k8s_masters` | Map containing master node definition, see explanation for k8s_nodes and `sample-inventory/cluster.tfvars` |
|`k8s_master_loadbalancer_enabled` | Enable and use an Octavia load balancer for the K8s master nodes |
|`k8s_master_loadbalancer_listener_port` | Define via which port the K8s Api should be exposed. `6443` by default  |

> |`k8s_master_loadbalancer_server_port` | Define via which port the K8S api is available on the mas. `6443` by default |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`k8s_master_loadbalancer_server_port` | Define via which port the K8S api is available on the master. `6443` by default |
```

   node-name:
    az: string # Name of the AZ
    flavor: string # Flavor ID to use

>     create_floating_ip: bool # If floating IPs should be created or not
>     reserved_floating_ip: string # (optional) Use existing floating IP

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: For backwards compatibility, should we do

```suggestion
    floating_ip: bool # If floating IPs should be used
    reserved_floating_ip: string # (optional) Use existing floating IP, if not set or set to "" a new IP will be created
```

So that the first variable only sets if an FIP should be used or not. And then the `reserved_floating_ip` dictates if a new FIP should be created or if an existing one should be used
